There was a recent demo at Microsoft's Ignite event where they actually showcase a lot more about AI,
but this was a kind of agent that's a little bit different.
Now, before I show you guys this crazy demo,
there was actually a minute where Sachin and Delta actually talks about this Azure AI agent service.
Now, this is something that I don't think the average person is of course going to use,
but it is worthwhile understanding exactly what this is so that you can understand
the coming changes in the AI ecosystem and how they actually impact the agents
that you might want to build in the future or the ones that you're interacting with.
Right. Our new agent service helps developers build,
deploy and scale AI apps that automate business processes.
I showed you before how you can use Copilot Studio to build agents just with few clicks,
but as developers, you want to co-host approach to building an agent
and that's what the agent service really enables.
You can build agents that are grounded in data wherever it lives,
public data from the web, enterprise data in Microsoft 365 SharePoint,
or you can leverage even Fabrics One Lake to unify your data across all of your clouds.
And these agents then can take actions, right?
So you want to be able to give action space to these agents and you can take that,
you know, 1,200 plus connectors we have in logic apps that we have been using
as you know, in our app services and you can connect it to the agent runtime.
Okay, so this is where we actually do get to take a look at this demo.
And what I want to point out with you guys here is that this demo is actually a lot different
than the usual ones because this is where we get to see the AI agent go around
and do different things like the guy says, it's just not in that contained box.
It's actually able to truly engage with you as a person.
And by the way, everything I'm going to show you is actually live, okay?
In this demo, I will use GPT 40, our new real-time audio model GPT 40 audio,
the real-time API, and image processing models all seamlessly integrated
into the experience I'm going to show you in a little bit.
Foundry offers over 1,800 models for you to choose from.
It's pretty amazing.
Once I've chosen my model, I can use Azure AI agent service,
call APIs when needed, and perform actions with function calling.
In this example, I have a main customer facing agent that is then delegating tasks
to other agents to understand what the customer wants,
what their purchase history is, and to recommend products based on multi-modal conversation
with the customer.
These agents can run micro-intelligent tasks to provide a cohesive, personalized experience.
These agents can also be grounded to a variety of data sources, including fabric.
It's pretty awesome.
Tively.
Let me show you how all of these capabilities I just showed can create
a hyper-personalized customer service experience that solves real world problems
in ways that we couldn't even have an imagined a year ago.
Okay, so I'm going camping, and my friend sent me this picture.
And I want to make sure I have the right gear for a winter camping adventure,
so I started a chat.
Now, notice this is something that's now routine, AI interacting with me, with chat and images.
But I want to chat's great, and we all love chat, but what if we can break out of the actual
chat box and do a more personalized experience?
Because it feels like AI today, it feels like it's all just inside of your chat box.
It feels like there's a lot of co-pilots and stuff, but what if we could do a little bit
more and maybe make it a little more personal, hopefully with a phone call?
Hello, is somebody there?
Hi, Seth.
Yes, I'm here.
I see you're getting ready for a winter camping trip.
Can I send the Concierge page to your browser to provide more details?
You certainly can.
Send me to the Concierge page, please.
Great.
Sending you to the Concierge page now, you'll find more detailed guidance there for your
winter camping trip.
So this is awesome.
What do you recommend for this camping trip?
Super exciting that you're gearing up for a camping trip.
Since you've already got the Skyview 2 person tent, let's build on that.
Here are a few recommendations.
First, mountain dreams, leaping.
So this is all great.
Is there a way that you can ride it up for me so that I can see it, maybe with pictures?
Absolutely.
So right now, what it's doing, it's going to take a couple of seconds to write an entire
article for me, just for me.
And you're probably wondering, well, hey, it's taking a couple of seconds.
When's the last time you wrote a personalized article for someone that called you in 10 seconds?
Seth, I'll put together a personalized recommendation article with all these products and their details,
complete with pictures.
Give me a moment and it should pop up on your screen shortly.
You already did it.
This is amazing.
Everything here.
Fantastic to hear, Seth.
I'm glad you love the recommendations.
Enjoy your camping trip.
If you need any more help, feel free to reach out.
Have an awesome adventure out there.
How about them, apples?
And remember, like, I'm serious.
This was running right here because I wanted to show you something real.
This isn't a peek into the future.
Now, with that demo, I think that demo was actually really cool because it shows us how these
agents are going to be in the future and how they're going to be able to do certain things
that allow us to get a much better customer experience.
I don't know about you guys, but I've had several different occasions where customer service
was just completely poor.
But having an agent right there that can do things on my screen, that is going to be immeasurable
in terms of the value.
Now, do you guys remember how a couple of days ago, I made a video talking about OpenAI and
how they were working on several related agent research projects, and basically the fact
that with these research projects, apparently there is one nearest completion that is going
to be a general purpose tool that executes tasks in a web browser.
So I think this is going to be something that is super, super fascinating because as you
all know, agent is something that everyone is really eager to use, especially since we've
been teased by some armament stating that this is the next breakthrough.
Now, for those of you wondering about which date this is going to actually be available
in terms of the advanced AI agents and some kind of AI agents, we do know that OpenAI leadership
announced plans to release this tool in January as a research preview, and of course, through
the company's API for developers.
So it seems like during the January time, we're probably going to get a lot more AI agent demos
from potentially a lot of developers, and we're going to be able to see what these kinds
of tools are able to do when not restricted to OpenAI scope.
And the reason that that is really important is because developers take products and essentially
build on them in a way that is completely different that the initial creator didn't intend
to like, there are a variety of different consumer applications and consumer products out there
that the creators of chat GPT just couldn't have fathomed themselves.
So it'll be really interesting to see what developers managed to do in January, and also
what I'm really excited for is OpenAI's computer agent because it was also very recently that
they announced they were going to be working on an agent called the operator.
So I'm actually wondering what kind of things this agent is going to be able to do.
And I will definitely be experimenting with the Claude computer use to be able to see if
I can get as much as I can out of that agent as possible so that when the OpenAI agent rolls
around, I'll be able to use that one as much as possible.
So with that being said, if you guys...
